Switch to Amazon Linux 2 from CoreOS (#19)
conjurinc/appliance-docker-ami: README.md

1. Creates a container from the Conjur Docker image
2. Creates and enables a service that will start this container on system boot

### Amazon Linux 2

> Amazon Linux 2 is our preferred OS. We use the latest version at time of build. The name of the service that runs the Conjur container is `conjur.service`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Amazon Linux 2 is our preferred OS. We use the latest version at the time of AMI build. The name of the service that runs the DAP container is `dap.service`.
```
